;; This buffer is for text that is not saved, and for Lisp evaluation.
;; To create a file, visit it with C-x C-f and enter text in its buffer.



IDEA (Checking in less than an item's total quantity)

Quantity expresses the unchanging total quantity originally input.  This value should never change.

Returned-Qty expresses a LIST of PAIRS

((2 "4/2") (3 "3/4")) for instance in which the CAR of the list is the number returned and the CDR of the list is the date returned on.

This can be used later to generate NOTES

"2 RTN'D on 4/2" is a possible note for the latex.

Problems:

-Returning data-type from POST parameter does not play well with the CLOS Slot value.
-Will need a method to compute the total value from the RETURNED-QTY list (The one above is 5)
-Will need to take this value and compare it against the QUANTITY value.
-Will need a method that can be called to perform this:

  Compute the quantity left over and send to maximum value of the HTML slider on the check-in page.
  If the quantity = returned-qty then check the item in by setting the returned-on date


Other Problems:

Setup the HTML button for the form to submit.
Figure out a way for js to unreveal the card and grey it out
The toast should pop up with the number gained from the range slider
Modifications to latex text to support NOTES

---

IDEA (Multiple pictures per item)

A Let over Lambda form encapsulating gensym's containing the value of a function that searches the item-list in that lexical context?  Hell yeah.

Since literally every single variable in a single item is the exact same as a secondary picture the only real necessity is to focus on the PICTURE variable.  That'll probably have to be turned into a list and all functions using it modified.  The result of poor planning.

As far as the website goes that blue icon will open up the bottom modal, which will have to be a seperate version from the SWITCH modal allowing multiple choice of pictures and a submission FAB.  Send to a function that takes a list of images, sends then through the standard uploader but also pushes their location onto the picture variable of the selected item.

In actuality it's just making the data a tree instead of a linear structure.


Problem:

Several functions that operate without a list in mind need to be upgraded
Multiple picture modal without making MULTIPLE modals
Rotation of images
Carousel in the image card for that item (easy)
Shows-on and invoices-on needs to be finished for ITEMS
